ENH: Add GeoPlot accessor (#1465)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/docs/user_guide/mapping.rst

    @savefig zorder_set.png
    world.plot(ax=ax, zorder=1);

Pandas Plots
-----------------

> Plotting methods also allows for different plot styles from pandas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plotting methods also allow for different plot styles from pandas
```

> along with the default ``geo`` plot. These methods can be provided as
> the ``kind`` keyword argument to :meth:`~GeoDataFrame.plot`, and include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
along with the default ``geo`` plot. These methods can be accessed using
the ``kind`` keyword argument in :meth:`~GeoDataFrame.plot`, and include:
```

* ``geo`` for mapping
* ``line`` for line plots
* ``bar`` or ``barh`` for bar plots
* ``hist`` for histogram
* ``box`` for boxplot
* ``kde`` or ``density`` for density plots
* ``area``  for area plots
* ``scatter`` for scatter plots
* ``hexbin`` for hexagonal bin plots
* ``pie`` for pie plots

.. ipython:: python

    gdf = world.head(10)
    @savefig pandas_line_plot.png

>     gdf.plot(kind='line')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    gdf.plot(kind='scatter', x="pop_est", y="gdp_md_est")
```

(I think this is little bit more interesting plot)

> You can also create these other plots using the methods ``GeoDataFrame.plot.<kind>`` instead of providing the ``kind`` keyword argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create these other plots using the ``GeoDataFrame.plot.<kind>`` accessor methods instead of providing the ``kind`` keyword argument.
```

.. ipython:: python

    @savefig pandas_bar_plot.png
    gdf.plot.bar()

> More information check out the `pandas documentation <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/visualization.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information check out the `pandas documentation <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/visualization.html>`_.
```

> More information check out the : `pandas documentation <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/visualization.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More information check out the `pandas documentation <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/visualization.html>`_.
```
